KV: add bulk gets documentation (#21392)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/kv/api/read-key-value-pairs.mdx

env.NAMESPACE.get(key);
```

The `get()` method returns a promise you can `await` on to get the value.

> If you request a single key as a string, you will get a single response in the promise. If the key is not found, the promise will resolve with the literal value `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you request a single key as a string, you will get a single response in the promise. If the key is not found, the promise will resolve with the literal value `null`.
```

> Instead of a single key, you can also request an array of keys. In this case the response is a map with the key-value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of a single key, you can also request an array of keys. In this case, the response is a map with the key-value pairs.
```

### `get()` method

> The `get()` method can be used to get a single value, or multiple values, if given multiple keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `get()` method to get a single value, or multiple values if given multiple keys.
```

> #### Requesting a single key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Request a single key
```

### `get()` method

> Use the `get()` method to get a single value, or multiple values if given multiple keys.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `get()` method to get a single value, or multiple values if given multiple keys:

* Read single keys with [get(key)](#request-a-single-key)
* Read multiple keys with [get([keys])](#request-multiple-keys)

```

#### Requesting multiple keys

To get the values for multiple keys, call the `get()` method on any KV namespace you have bound to your Worker code with:

```js
env.NAMESPACE.get(keys, type?);
// OR
env.NAMESPACE.get(keys, options?);
```

##### Parameters

- `keys`: `string[]`
  - The keys of the KV pairs. Max: 100 keys
- `type`: `"text" | "json"`
  - Optional. The type of the value to be returned. `text` is the default.
- `options`: `{
    cacheTtl?: number,
    type?: "text" | "json"
}`
  - Optional. Object containing the optional `cacheTtl` and `type` properties. The `cacheTtl` property defines the length of time in seconds that a KV result is cached in the global network location it is accessed from (minimum: 60). The `type` property defines the type of the value to be returned.

##### Response

- `response`: `Promise<Map<string, string | Object | null>`
  - The value for the requested KV pair. The response type will depend on the `type` parameter provided for the `get()` command as follows:
    - `text`: A `string` (default).
    - `json`: An object decoded from a JSON string.

> When requesting multiple keys, the promise will never resolve to a null value. It may, however, resolve to a map that contains a key that corresponds to a null value, similarly to what happens for a single get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When requesting multiple keys, the promise will never resolve to a null value. It may, however, resolve to a map that contains a key that corresponds to a null value, similar to what happens for a single get.
```

> You cannot request over 25MB of data. If you do, the request will fail with a `413` Error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot request over 25 MB of data. If you do, the request will fail with a `413` Error.
```

The `get()` method may return stale values. If a given key has recently been read in a given location, writes or updates to the key made in other locations may take up to 60 seconds (or the duration of the `cacheTtl`) to display.

### `getWithMetadata()` method

> The `getWithMetadata()` method can be used to get a single value or multiple values, if given multiple keys.
> 
> #### Requesting a single key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `getWithMetadata()` method to get a single value, or multiple values if given multiple keys.

#### Request a single key
```

The `get()` method may return stale values. If a given key has recently been read in a given location, writes or updates to the key made in other locations may take up to 60 seconds (or the duration of the `cacheTtl`) to display.

#### Request multiple keys

To get the values for multiple keys, call the `get()` method on any KV namespace you have bound to your Worker code with:

```js
env.NAMESPACE.get(keys, type?);
// OR
env.NAMESPACE.get(keys, options?);
```

##### Parameters

- `keys`: `string[]`
  - The keys of the KV pairs. Max: 100 keys
- `type`: `"text" | "json"`
  - Optional. The type of the value to be returned. `text` is the default.
- `options`: `{
    cacheTtl?: number,
    type?: "text" | "json"
}`
  - Optional. Object containing the optional `cacheTtl` and `type` properties. The `cacheTtl` property defines the length of time in seconds that a KV result is cached in the global network location it is accessed from (minimum: 60). The `type` property defines the type of the value to be returned.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::note

The `.get()` function to read multiple keys does not support `arrayBuffer` or `stream` return types. If you need to read multiple keys of `arrayBuffer` or `stream` types, consider using the `.get()` function to read individual keys in parallel.

:::

```

The `get()` method may return stale values. If a given key has recently been read in a given location, writes or updates to the key made in other locations may take up to 60 seconds (or the duration of the `cacheTtl`) to display.

#### Request multiple keys

To get the values for multiple keys, call the `get()` method on any KV namespace you have bound to your Worker code with:

```js
env.NAMESPACE.get(keys, type?);
// OR
env.NAMESPACE.get(keys, options?);
```

##### Parameters

- `keys`: `string[]`
  - The keys of the KV pairs. Max: 100 keys
- `type`: `"text" | "json"`
  - Optional. The type of the value to be returned. `text` is the default.
- `options`: `{
    cacheTtl?: number,
    type?: "text" | "json"
}`
  - Optional. Object containing the optional `cacheTtl` and `type` properties. The `cacheTtl` property defines the length of time in seconds that a KV result is cached in the global network location it is accessed from (minimum: 60). The `type` property defines the type of the value to be returned.

:::note

> The `.get()` function to read multiple keys does not support `arrayBuffer` or `stream` return types. If you need to read multiple keys of `arrayBuffer` or `stream` types, consider using the `.get()` function to read individual keys in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.get()` function to read multiple keys does not support `arrayBuffer` or `stream` return types. If you need to read multiple keys of `arrayBuffer` or `stream` types, consider using the `.get()` function to read individual keys in parallel with `Promise.all()`.
```

};
```

> #### Requesting multiple keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Request multiple keys
```

```

##### Parameters

- `keys`: `string[]`
  - The keys of the KV pairs. Max: 100 keys
- `type`: `"text" | "json"`
  - Optional. The type of the value to be returned. `text` is the default.
- `options`: `{
    cacheTtl?: number,
    type?: "text" | "json"
}`
  - Optional. Object containing the optional `cacheTtl` and `type` properties. The `cacheTtl` property defines the length of time in seconds that a KV result is cached in the global network location it is accessed from (minimum: 60). The `type` property defines the type of the value to be returned.

##### Response

- `response`: `Promise<Map<string, {
value: string | Object | null,
metadata: string | Object | null
}>`

  - An object containing the value and the metadata for the requested KV pair. The type of the value attribute will depend on the `type` parameter provided for the `getWithMetadata()` command as follows:
    - `text`: A `string` (default).
    - `json`: An object decoded from a JSON string.
  - The type of the metadata will just depend on what is stored, which can be either a string or an object.

If there is no metadata associated with the requested key-value pair, `null` will be returned for metadata.

> You cannot request over 25MB of data. If you do, the request will fail with a `413` Error .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot request over 25MB of data. If you do, the request will fail with a `413` Error .

```

};
```

#### Request multiple keys

To get the values for a given set of keys along with their metadata, call the `getWithMetadata()` method on any KV namespace you have bound to your Worker code with:

```js
env.NAMESPACE.getWithMetadata(keys, type?);
// OR
env.NAMESPACE.getWithMetadata(keys, options?);
```

##### Parameters

- `keys`: `string[]`
  - The keys of the KV pairs. Max: 100 keys
- `type`: `"text" | "json"`
  - Optional. The type of the value to be returned. `text` is the default.
- `options`: `{
    cacheTtl?: number,
    type?: "text" | "json"
}`
  - Optional. Object containing the optional `cacheTtl` and `type` properties. The `cacheTtl` property defines the length of time in seconds that a KV result is cached in the global network location it is accessed from (minimum: 60). The `type` property defines the type of the value to be returned.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::note
The `.get()` function to read multiple keys does not support `arrayBuffer` or `stream` return types. If you need to read multiple keys of `arrayBuffer` or `stream` types, consider using the `.get()` function to read individual keys in parallel.
:::

```

};
```

#### Request multiple keys

To get the values for a given set of keys along with their metadata, call the `getWithMetadata()` method on any KV namespace you have bound to your Worker code with:

```js
env.NAMESPACE.getWithMetadata(keys, type?);
// OR
env.NAMESPACE.getWithMetadata(keys, options?);
```

##### Parameters

- `keys`: `string[]`
  - The keys of the KV pairs. Max: 100 keys
- `type`: `"text" | "json"`
  - Optional. The type of the value to be returned. `text` is the default.
- `options`: `{
    cacheTtl?: number,
    type?: "text" | "json"
}`
  - Optional. Object containing the optional `cacheTtl` and `type` properties. The `cacheTtl` property defines the length of time in seconds that a KV result is cached in the global network location it is accessed from (minimum: 60). The `type` property defines the type of the value to be returned.

:::note

> The `.get()` function to read multiple keys does not support `arrayBuffer` or `stream` return types. If you need to read multiple keys of `arrayBuffer` or `stream` types, consider using the `.get()` function to read individual keys in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.get()` function to read multiple keys does not support `arrayBuffer` or `stream` return types. If you need to read multiple keys of `arrayBuffer` or `stream` types, consider using the `.get()` function to read individual keys in parallel with `Promise.all()`.
```
